README.md, before:

# leetcode

<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0057-insert-interval](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0057-insert-interval) |
| [0075-sort-colors](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0075-sort-colors) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0228-summary-ranges](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0228-summary-ranges) |
| [0452-minimum-number-of-arrows-to-burst-balloons](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0452-minimum-number-of-arrows-to-burst-balloons) |
| [0491-non-decreasing-subsequences](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0491-non-decreasing-subsequences) |
| [0940-fruit-into-baskets](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0940-fruit-into-baskets) |
| [1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number) |
| [1528-kids-with-the-greatest-number-of-candies](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1528-kids-with-the-greatest-number-of-candies) |
| [1560-number-of-students-doing-homework-at-a-given-time](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1560-number-of-students-doing-homework-at-a-given-time) |
| [1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array) |
| [1580-shuffle-the-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1580-shuffle-the-array) |
| [1603-running-sum-of-1d-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1603-running-sum-of-1d-array) |
| [1635-number-of-good-pairs](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1635-number-of-good-pairs) |
| [1781-check-if-two-string-arrays-are-equivalent](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1781-check-if-two-string-arrays-are-equivalent) |
| [1791-richest-customer-wealth](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1791-richest-customer-wealth) |
| [1961-maximum-ice-cream-bars](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1961-maximum-ice-cream-bars) |
| [2048-build-array-from-permutation](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2048-build-array-from-permutation) |
| [2058-concatenation-of-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2058-concatenation-of-array) |
| [2137-final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2137-final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations) |
| [2163-kth-distinct-string-in-an-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2163-kth-distinct-string-in-an-array) |
| [2271-rearrange-array-elements-by-sign](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2271-rearrange-array-elements-by-sign) |
| [2502-sort-the-people](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2502-sort-the-people) |
| [2876-number-of-employees-who-met-the-target](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2876-number-of-employees-who-met-the-target) |
| [2917-count-pairs-whose-sum-is-less-than-target](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2917-count-pairs-whose-sum-is-less-than-target) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0438-find-all-anagrams-in-a-string](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0438-find-all-anagrams-in-a-string) |
| [0491-non-decreasing-subsequences](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0491-non-decreasing-subsequences) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
| [0940-fruit-into-baskets](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0940-fruit-into-baskets) |
| [1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number) |
| [1635-number-of-good-pairs](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1635-number-of-good-pairs) |
| [2163-kth-distinct-string-in-an-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2163-kth-distinct-string-in-an-array) |
| [2502-sort-the-people](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2502-sort-the-people) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0125-valid-palindrome](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0125-valid-palindrome) |
| [0438-find-all-anagrams-in-a-string](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0438-find-all-anagrams-in-a-string) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
| [1781-check-if-two-string-arrays-are-equivalent](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1781-check-if-two-string-arrays-are-equivalent) |
| [1807-partitioning-into-minimum-number-of-deci-binary-numbers](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1807-partitioning-into-minimum-number-of-deci-binary-numbers) |
| [2137-final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2137-final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations) |
| [2163-kth-distinct-string-in-an-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2163-kth-distinct-string-in-an-array) |
| [2502-sort-the-people](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2502-sort-the-people) |
## Counting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number) |
| [1635-number-of-good-pairs](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1635-number-of-good-pairs) |
| [2163-kth-distinct-string-in-an-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2163-kth-distinct-string-in-an-array) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0075-sort-colors](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0075-sort-colors) |
| [0125-valid-palindrome](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0125-valid-palindrome) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
| [2271-rearrange-array-elements-by-sign](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2271-rearrange-array-elements-by-sign) |
| [2917-count-pairs-whose-sum-is-less-than-target](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2917-count-pairs-whose-sum-is-less-than-target) |
## Simulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [2048-build-array-from-permutation](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2048-build-array-from-permutation) |
| [2058-concatenation-of-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2058-concatenation-of-array) |
| [2137-final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2137-final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations) |
| [2271-rearrange-array-elements-by-sign](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2271-rearrange-array-elements-by-sign) |
## Divide and Conquer
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0075-sort-colors](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0075-sort-colors) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0452-minimum-number-of-arrows-to-burst-balloons](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0452-minimum-number-of-arrows-to-burst-balloons) |
| [1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number) |
| [1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array) |
| [1961-maximum-ice-cream-bars](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1961-maximum-ice-cream-bars) |
| [2502-sort-the-people](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2502-sort-the-people) |
| [2917-count-pairs-whose-sum-is-less-than-target](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2917-count-pairs-whose-sum-is-less-than-target) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0007-reverse-integer](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0007-reverse-integer) |
| [0009-palindrome-number](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0009-palindrome-number) |
| [0319-bulb-switcher](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0319-bulb-switcher) |
| [0956-number-of-music-playlists](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0956-number-of-music-playlists) |
| [1013-fibonacci-number](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1013-fibonacci-number) |
| [1635-number-of-good-pairs](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1635-number-of-good-pairs) |
| [2383-add-two-integers](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2383-add-two-integers) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0956-number-of-music-playlists](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0956-number-of-music-playlists) |
| [1013-fibonacci-number](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1013-fibonacci-number) |
## Recursion
|  |
| ------- |
| [1013-fibonacci-number](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1013-fibonacci-number) |
## Memoization
|  |
| ------- |
| [1013-fibonacci-number](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1013-fibonacci-number) |
## Binary Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [2917-count-pairs-whose-sum-is-less-than-target](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2917-count-pairs-whose-sum-is-less-than-target) |
## Combinatorics
|  |
| ------- |
| [0956-number-of-music-playlists](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0956-number-of-music-playlists) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal) |
| [0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal) |
| [0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal) |
## Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal) |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0103-binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0103-binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal) |
| [0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal) |
| [0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal) |
| [0530-minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0530-minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst) |
| [0799-minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0799-minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal) |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal) |
| [0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal) |
| [0530-minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0530-minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst) |
| [0799-minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0799-minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes) |
## Binary Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal) |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0103-binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0103-binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal) |
| [0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal) |
| [0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal) |
| [0530-minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0530-minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst) |
| [0799-minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0799-minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes) |
## Breadth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0103-binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0103-binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal) |
| [0530-minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0530-minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst) |
| [0799-minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0799-minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes) |
## Binary Search Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0530-minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0530-minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst) |
| [0799-minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0799-minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes) |
## Brainteaser
|  |
| ------- |
| [0319-bulb-switcher](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0319-bulb-switcher) |
## Sliding Window
|  |
| ------- |
| [0438-find-all-anagrams-in-a-string](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0438-find-all-anagrams-in-a-string) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
| [0940-fruit-into-baskets](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0940-fruit-into-baskets) |
## Backtracking
|  |
| ------- |
| [0491-non-decreasing-subsequences](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0491-non-decreasing-subsequences) |
## Bit Manipulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [0491-non-decreasing-subsequences](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0491-non-decreasing-subsequences) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0452-minimum-number-of-arrows-to-burst-balloons](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0452-minimum-number-of-arrows-to-burst-balloons) |
| [1807-partitioning-into-minimum-number-of-deci-binary-numbers](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1807-partitioning-into-minimum-number-of-deci-binary-numbers) |
| [1961-maximum-ice-cream-bars](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1961-maximum-ice-cream-bars) |
## Counting Sort
|  |
| ------- |
| [1961-maximum-ice-cream-bars](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1961-maximum-ice-cream-bars) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array) |
## Prefix Sum
|  |
| ------- |
| [1603-running-sum-of-1d-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1603-running-sum-of-1d-array) |
## Matrix
|  |
| ------- |
| [1791-richest-customer-wealth](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1791-richest-customer-wealth) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->

Commit message:

1966-FREQUENCY-OF-THE-MOST-FREQUENT-ELEMENT Stats: Time: 36 ms (68.46%), Space: 105.8 MB (60.87%) - LeetHub

README.md, after:

# leetcode

<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0057-insert-interval](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0057-insert-interval) |
| [0075-sort-colors](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0075-sort-colors) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0228-summary-ranges](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0228-summary-ranges) |
| [0452-minimum-number-of-arrows-to-burst-balloons](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0452-minimum-number-of-arrows-to-burst-balloons) |
| [0491-non-decreasing-subsequences](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0491-non-decreasing-subsequences) |
| [0940-fruit-into-baskets](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0940-fruit-into-baskets) |
| [1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number) |
| [1528-kids-with-the-greatest-number-of-candies](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1528-kids-with-the-greatest-number-of-candies) |
| [1560-number-of-students-doing-homework-at-a-given-time](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1560-number-of-students-doing-homework-at-a-given-time) |
| [1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array) |
| [1580-shuffle-the-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1580-shuffle-the-array) |
| [1603-running-sum-of-1d-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1603-running-sum-of-1d-array) |
| [1635-number-of-good-pairs](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1635-number-of-good-pairs) |
| [1781-check-if-two-string-arrays-are-equivalent](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1781-check-if-two-string-arrays-are-equivalent) |
| [1791-richest-customer-wealth](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1791-richest-customer-wealth) |
| [1961-maximum-ice-cream-bars](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1961-maximum-ice-cream-bars) |
| [1966-frequency-of-the-most-frequent-element](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1966-frequency-of-the-most-frequent-element) |
| [2048-build-array-from-permutation](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2048-build-array-from-permutation) |
| [2058-concatenation-of-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2058-concatenation-of-array) |
| [2137-final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2137-final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations) |
| [2163-kth-distinct-string-in-an-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2163-kth-distinct-string-in-an-array) |
| [2271-rearrange-array-elements-by-sign](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2271-rearrange-array-elements-by-sign) |
| [2502-sort-the-people](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2502-sort-the-people) |
| [2876-number-of-employees-who-met-the-target](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2876-number-of-employees-who-met-the-target) |
| [2917-count-pairs-whose-sum-is-less-than-target](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2917-count-pairs-whose-sum-is-less-than-target) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0438-find-all-anagrams-in-a-string](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0438-find-all-anagrams-in-a-string) |
| [0491-non-decreasing-subsequences](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0491-non-decreasing-subsequences) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
| [0940-fruit-into-baskets](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0940-fruit-into-baskets) |
| [1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number) |
| [1635-number-of-good-pairs](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1635-number-of-good-pairs) |
| [2163-kth-distinct-string-in-an-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2163-kth-distinct-string-in-an-array) |
| [2502-sort-the-people](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2502-sort-the-people) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0125-valid-palindrome](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0125-valid-palindrome) |
| [0438-find-all-anagrams-in-a-string](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0438-find-all-anagrams-in-a-string) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
| [1781-check-if-two-string-arrays-are-equivalent](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1781-check-if-two-string-arrays-are-equivalent) |
| [1807-partitioning-into-minimum-number-of-deci-binary-numbers](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1807-partitioning-into-minimum-number-of-deci-binary-numbers) |
| [2137-final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2137-final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations) |
| [2163-kth-distinct-string-in-an-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2163-kth-distinct-string-in-an-array) |
| [2502-sort-the-people](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2502-sort-the-people) |
## Counting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number) |
| [1635-number-of-good-pairs](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1635-number-of-good-pairs) |
| [2163-kth-distinct-string-in-an-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2163-kth-distinct-string-in-an-array) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0075-sort-colors](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0075-sort-colors) |
| [0125-valid-palindrome](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0125-valid-palindrome) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
| [2271-rearrange-array-elements-by-sign](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2271-rearrange-array-elements-by-sign) |
| [2917-count-pairs-whose-sum-is-less-than-target](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2917-count-pairs-whose-sum-is-less-than-target) |
## Simulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [2048-build-array-from-permutation](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2048-build-array-from-permutation) |
| [2058-concatenation-of-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2058-concatenation-of-array) |
| [2137-final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2137-final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations) |
| [2271-rearrange-array-elements-by-sign](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2271-rearrange-array-elements-by-sign) |
## Divide and Conquer
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0075-sort-colors](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0075-sort-colors) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0452-minimum-number-of-arrows-to-burst-balloons](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0452-minimum-number-of-arrows-to-burst-balloons) |
| [1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number) |
| [1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array) |
| [1961-maximum-ice-cream-bars](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1961-maximum-ice-cream-bars) |
| [1966-frequency-of-the-most-frequent-element](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1966-frequency-of-the-most-frequent-element) |
| [2502-sort-the-people](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2502-sort-the-people) |
| [2917-count-pairs-whose-sum-is-less-than-target](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2917-count-pairs-whose-sum-is-less-than-target) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0007-reverse-integer](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0007-reverse-integer) |
| [0009-palindrome-number](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0009-palindrome-number) |
| [0319-bulb-switcher](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0319-bulb-switcher) |
| [0956-number-of-music-playlists](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0956-number-of-music-playlists) |
| [1013-fibonacci-number](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1013-fibonacci-number) |
| [1635-number-of-good-pairs](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1635-number-of-good-pairs) |
| [2383-add-two-integers](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2383-add-two-integers) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0956-number-of-music-playlists](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0956-number-of-music-playlists) |
| [1013-fibonacci-number](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1013-fibonacci-number) |
## Recursion
|  |
| ------- |
| [1013-fibonacci-number](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1013-fibonacci-number) |
## Memoization
|  |
| ------- |
| [1013-fibonacci-number](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1013-fibonacci-number) |
## Binary Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [1966-frequency-of-the-most-frequent-element](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1966-frequency-of-the-most-frequent-element) |
| [2917-count-pairs-whose-sum-is-less-than-target](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/2917-count-pairs-whose-sum-is-less-than-target) |
## Combinatorics
|  |
| ------- |
| [0956-number-of-music-playlists](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0956-number-of-music-playlists) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal) |
| [0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal) |
| [0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal) |
## Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal) |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0103-binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0103-binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal) |
| [0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal) |
| [0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal) |
| [0530-minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0530-minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst) |
| [0799-minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0799-minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal) |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal) |
| [0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal) |
| [0530-minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0530-minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst) |
| [0799-minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0799-minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes) |
## Binary Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal) |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0103-binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0103-binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal) |
| [0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal) |
| [0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal) |
| [0530-minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0530-minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst) |
| [0799-minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0799-minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes) |
## Breadth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0103-binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0103-binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal) |
| [0530-minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0530-minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst) |
| [0799-minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0799-minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes) |
## Binary Search Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0530-minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0530-minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst) |
| [0799-minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0799-minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes) |
## Brainteaser
|  |
| ------- |
| [0319-bulb-switcher](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0319-bulb-switcher) |
## Sliding Window
|  |
| ------- |
| [0438-find-all-anagrams-in-a-string](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0438-find-all-anagrams-in-a-string) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
| [0940-fruit-into-baskets](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0940-fruit-into-baskets) |
| [1966-frequency-of-the-most-frequent-element](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1966-frequency-of-the-most-frequent-element) |
## Backtracking
|  |
| ------- |
| [0491-non-decreasing-subsequences](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0491-non-decreasing-subsequences) |
## Bit Manipulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [0491-non-decreasing-subsequences](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0491-non-decreasing-subsequences) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0452-minimum-number-of-arrows-to-burst-balloons](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/0452-minimum-number-of-arrows-to-burst-balloons) |
| [1807-partitioning-into-minimum-number-of-deci-binary-numbers](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1807-partitioning-into-minimum-number-of-deci-binary-numbers) |
| [1961-maximum-ice-cream-bars](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1961-maximum-ice-cream-bars) |
| [1966-frequency-of-the-most-frequent-element](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1966-frequency-of-the-most-frequent-element) |
## Counting Sort
|  |
| ------- |
| [1961-maximum-ice-cream-bars](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1961-maximum-ice-cream-bars) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array) |
## Prefix Sum
|  |
| ------- |
| [1603-running-sum-of-1d-array](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1603-running-sum-of-1d-array) |
| [1966-frequency-of-the-most-frequent-element](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1966-frequency-of-the-most-frequent-element) |
## Matrix
|  |
| ------- |
| [1791-richest-customer-wealth](https://github.com/pxndey/leetcode/tree/master/1791-richest-customer-wealth) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->
